[codemod] Add --jsx option to `v9.0.0/system-props` codemod (#48315)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/data/material/migration/upgrade-to-v9/upgrade-to-v9.md

npx @mui/codemod@latest v9.0.0/system-props <path/to/folder>
```

Use `--jsx` to specify extra JSX tags to migrate, bypassing import detection:

```bash
npx @mui/codemod@latest v9.0.0/system-props <path/to/folder> -- --jsx=Box,Typography,Stack,Link,Grid,DialogContentText
```

> This is useful if your project uses auto-import plugins (for example `unplugin-auto-import`) where MUI components are available without explicit import statements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is useful if your project uses auto-import plugins (for example `unplugin-auto-import`) where Material UI components are available without explicit import statements.
```
